[opening theme music playing]
[epic music playing]
Uh, excuse me, Master.
I'm your pupil, Yeom.
Uh, you have been meditating
for 100 days now.
It is time you go outside.
[Heo Yeom chuckles]
Master.
[somber music playing]
[Heo Yeom gasps]
Master…
Master.
[Heo Yeom crying]
No. Master.
[wailing]
[woman 1] Oh, dear, that poor, poor thing.
Terrible. Oh, poor thing.
[woman 2] He must have frozen to death.
[woman 1] Goodness me, so it seems.
Gosh, I feel so sorry for him.
What's going on here? What is it?
[gasps] The homeless boy is dead.
And he was just a young boy.
I feel so bad for him.
[woman 1] Goodness, that poor thing.
[celestial music playing]
[Heo Yeom] As you have always wished,
I will give you a quiet farewell, Master.
[woman 3] Goodness, I feel so bad for him.
[man] Gosh. He seems to be an orphan.
We should hold a funeral for the boy.
-Oh.
-We must do that.
[woman 2] Shall we cremate him
and sprinkle the ashes
-by the lake?
-Oh, my goodness.
[all scream]
[man gasps, stutters]
The child--
Child, are you all right?
[man gasps]
What's going on?
Where is he going? Where is he going?
Stop that now!
[celestial music playing]
[Heo Yeom] Child.
Was it you who spoke just now?
You foolish boy.
I see that you have already burned
my body.
[Heo Yeom] Hmm?
What are you talking about?
Had I been a little later, you would have
burned my cane too, wouldn't you?
-Oh, you foolish boy.
-[grunts]
-[old Master Lee] You.
-[old Master Lee] You. You fool.
-[grunts]
You. You fool.
[celestial music playing]
Is it you, Master?
I shifted my soul from my body
to test if I have reached Hwansu
after my 100 days of meditating.
But I noticed my body was burning,
so I entered this body and ran here.
But I'm too late now.
So then, are you saying
that inside this child's body, it is--
it's really you, Master?
Correct.
It is I, Lee Cheol, your only master.
[gasps]
Oh.
Oh. Master.
-Master. Master.
-[tongue clicking]
I am a soul shifter.
[tense music playing]
[Master Lee] Your Majesty.
Did you not summon me today
to find the soul shifter?
I will do that.
I can recognize any soul shifter.
[tense music rises]
[eerie music playing]
[Yeom-su] Are these the last people
who know your face?
[Seo Yul] It's an umbrella.
You can take this instead.
[gasps]
Yes.
There is no one else in the capital
who knows I am not blind.
We will make people see
this is a simple fight between thugs.
That's why you should have stopped
looking for me.
[man] Huh? So-i.
You're So-i, right?
Mr. Kim from Sari Village.
You have the wrong person.
He barely knows me.
We've only ever met in passing.
That man…
must be dealt with.
[pants]
[So-i] There was no need to kill him too.
We would have never met again
once he returned to Sari Village.
[Yeom-su] But you did meet.
Sari Village?
Is that where you used to live?
[So-i] While hiding.
I lived there for a while to hide
from those thugs that you killed earlier.
Is there anyone else, anyone
from Sari Village who might recognize you?
I kept my distance so that no one
would recognize me too easily.
I was a thief there too, you know.
-What's that?
-[So-i] Money.
It would look suspicious
if a man died at the inn
but still had all his money on him.
-[coins clink]
-You should take it.
[tense music playing]
[sighs]
I did not want to harm anyone
from Sari Village.
[So-i] Mu-deok is in the capital.
If I ever see her again,
will I have to kill her too?
Is Broker Kim from Sari Village here?
Yes, second floor.
[innkeeper] Last room.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hmm?
[chuckles]
[Mu-deok] Young Lady Jin?
[gasps]
Wait. What is it you're doing
in a place like this?
What I'm doing here
is none of your business.
[sucks teeth]
And do you perhaps…
gamble?
You… you think I would gamble?
Why would I?
You think I would enjoy such pastimes?
Oh, of course not. No.
But you know,
if you were good enough to not even have
the slightest change in expression
when you were lying about the jade
being broken,
you would probably be a good gambler.
[sighs]
I'm here for tickets from a scalper.
-Hmm.
-A magic show I must see sold out,
that I came here for tickets.
ADMISSION TICKET
SEOCHUN MAGICIANS
-You got two tickets.
-I'm going with my mother.
I want no misunderstandings,
so do not tell anyone
that you saw me here.
[Mu-deok] That may be difficult.
You know,
I'm not as good of a liar as you.
So I'm not sure if I can tell someone
I didn't see you here.
Still though, I will try my best
for your sake, you know.
[sighs]
[Cho-yeon] Why did I have to run
into her here?
[sighs]
[gasps]
Oh.
[man] Hey. One more bottle.
[Cho-yeon gasps]
Why is the leader of Songrim here?
He's not also here to get tickets
to the magic show, is he?
[sighs]
Then I won't be able to go
with Young Master Park.
[ominous music playing]
You…
You killed this man.
I did not.
Why did you kill him?
It really wasn't me.
He was already dead when I got here.
He was killed not long ago.
[Sang-ho] He died by a single stroke.
This was done by a skilled swordsman.
Yes. I swear it was not me.
I don't even have a sword with me.
[woman screams]
[ominous music continues playing]
It was the same person who did this.
Who are these men?
Oh, uh, th-they were a group of thugs
who recently entered the capital.
Did they come here with Broker Kim
from Sari Village
who stayed in the room down there?
Uh, no.
But I remember, these thugs,
they picked a fight with him
a few days ago.
Oh. They caused a scene
trying to find the whereabouts
of a female swindler from Sari Village.
A swindler from Sari Village?
Could that be Mu-deok, my lord?
Where is she now?
I'm sure she was right behind me.
So she ran away.
[panting]
[Mu-deok] What is going on?
What were all those bodies?
They caused a scene
trying to find the whereabouts
of a female swindler from Sari Village.
[Mu-deok] Could that really be me?
What kind of life has Mu-deok led?
[Mr. Kim] Almost forgot,
did you meet with So-i?
I wonder what mischief she is up to.
Try not to get involved with her.
So-i…
Who is this So-i?
I did not see the girl
who came to find you.
But the guard at the door
got slapped by her during an argument,
so I'm sure he remembers her face.
Excuse me, ma'am, both those guards,
they did not come into work today.
-[Ju-wol] Really? Both of them?
-[man] Yes.
Very strange. That is just not like them.
We are sorry.
We should not have disrespected a mage.
[man 1] But there is no need
to do all of this, is there?
A mage?
You lied and said that you were a mage?
I will be soon.
And a member of a noble mage family
at that, far superior to the likes of you.
How dare you talk down to me, you fraud?
I will keep talking down to you,
and you will respect me. Got that?
[sighs angrily]
[man gasps]
Go after them.
That is your job.
Is there a girl named Mu-deok
from Sari Village at Chwiseonru?
There is, I know her. So then, was she
the person that you were looking for?
I wanted to ask her to do me a favor
and return something.
Mu-deok is not at Chwiseonru now.
She works as a servant
for the Jang family,
of Cheonbugwan's Gwanju, my lady.
Working as a servant?
I suppose she really is able to see.
Uh, I see she must have fooled you
as well, huh?
We brought her here
thinking she was blind,
but we were shocked
when she opened her eyes and ran off.
But she's not a swindler like me.
How is she able to see?
[man breathing shakily]
Please do not kill me. Please.
Sorry.
You recognize my face,
so I cannot let you live.
[crying] No. No…
-[sword rasps]
-[blood squelches]
If she was never really blind,
then she might be able to recognize me.
A servant for the Jang family?
I should pay her a visit.
What do you mean Mu-deok committed murder?
Well, several men died
at the ferry inn a few days ago
and Mu-deok was also there.
But Mu-deok is not strong enough
to kill someone.
And especially not enough
to kill several men.
We know it was done
by a skilled swordsman.
So if it wasn't her,
there must have been a mage
who was able to help her.
You are not…
suspecting Young Master Jang, are you?
I am not.
Currently, Jang Uk is at the royal palace
along with Master Lee.
[maid Kim exhales]
Oh, thank goodness.
But it could not have been
Mu-deok, either.
You know that she has no reason
to harm anyone.
[Jin] Maidservant Kim.
How much do you know about Mu-deok?
Do you know what kind of life she led
before she started working for it?
Do you know anything?
No.
The dead man
was someone I had met
to ask about Mu-deok's past.
And a group of thugs
who seemed to be looking for her,
they were all killed as well.
It was obvious that she was bound
to be suspected,
but she ran away
instead of proving her innocence.
One thing's clear.
Mu-deok is hiding…
something that must not ever be revealed
to anyone around her.
[gasps]
The guards live over there
if you need to speak with them.
But would it not be faster to instead
just draw a sketch of her
and attempt to find her yourself?
I do not know what she looks like.
-I met her when I was blind.
-But you weren't.
One day, you say you are not blind
and the next day you say that you were.
[Ju-wol clicking tongue]
You live quite the complicated life
or so it seems to me.
Anyway, you do not know
what she looks like,
but she does know you?
Then would it be dangerous
to look for her?
What if she's the one who killed
the thugs and the broker?
She might try to harm you as well.
Being suspected by the leader of Songrim
is more dangerous.
It will put you in a tough spot
since you paid the broker who died.
What do you mean?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
That's good.
It is best you pretend
you do not know anything.
-[Ju-wol clears throat]
-[man 1 gasps] S-someone is dead.
-[man 2] Someone is dead.
-[woman] Someone is dead.
-[man 2] Look.
-[woman] Someone is dead?
[tense music playing]
-[woman gasps]
-[man 3] That man is dead.
-[man 4] My goodness.
-[man 3] He is dead.
[gasps]
[Ju-wol gasps, pants]
[Mu-deok]
Guard Lee and Guard Jang are both dead.
What Hwansu entails is truly impressive.
[Sun] I truly believe that soul shifters
were all monsters, but in your case,
it is youth and it is eternal life.
It is no wonder that everyone
wanted the ice stone
that makes it possible.
The fights never-ending
because everyone coveted it,
and that is why it was banned.
So, Master Lee.
Since you can recognize soul shifters,
take a look around.
Are there soul shifters
in this palace with us?
[suspenseful music playing]
Well, I cannot tell
just by simply looking at them.
[Master Lee] Because if they do not show
their blue marks
or run wild and become petrified,
they look just like ordinary humans.
Well, then, how do you recognize them?
The fear of being caught. A horror…
of the possibility of being petrified.
So you must bring that out of them.
So you find them by instilling fear?
I apologize if you're disappointed.
Instead…
I would like to give you a gift,
Your Majesty.
You brought a gift? What have you brought?
It is a dog.
A dog?
He is a gentle dog and very clever.
He should be in front
of the royal palace by now.
Do I have your permission
to bring him inside?
You brought him as a gift, so of course.
Bring him in.
Uh, Uk.
I want you to go bring the dog.
And if you're able to do that,
I shall give you a reward.
[suspenseful music rising]
[Jang Uk] Should I just leave
and run away with Mu-deok?
But if I do that, everyone will find out.
And right now, I'm not strong enough
to protect my master.
I wonder what Master Lee plans to do.
[sighs]
[tense music playing]
[court lady gasps]
Assistant Gwanju.
What is it?
[Jang Uk] Wait, the gift that Master Lee
brought for His Majesty…
The gift is Fluffy?
Master Lee told me that
the dog would follow you back inside.
[man] But still…
[Jang Uk] Is it really that dangerous
to bring this dog into the palace?
But why though?
Gwigu.
He's going to bring Gwigu in here.
Gwigu is a wily beast.
How could he bring Gwigu into the palace?
Master Seo Gyeong, who was my master
from a long, long time ago,
used Gwigu to find evil relics
created with sorcery
that was using the power of the ice stone.
Yes, I've heard of it.
[Sun] However, I was told
that it had become useless
after Gwigu's pottery broke.
That's why…
I moved the spirit of Gwigu
from the pottery
into the body of a dead dog.
The dog that is on its way in now…
Gwigu is that dog.
[tense music continues]
Gwigu?
[court lady] What should we do now?
How many of our people
are in the palace now?
There are more than ten.
Is there any news from Cheonbugwan?
I sent someone there.
They will be here soon.
[breathes deeply]
This meeting was for Songrim
and the royal family
to finally make peace with one another.
The Crown Prince kindly visited you
and invited you here himself.
But you wish to bring a beast in here
without His Majesty's permission?
I've been granted permission
to bring in the dog.
And Gwigu cannot go wild
or create danger
since it lives inside the body of a dog.
So it cannot harm a soul shifter
even if it sees one?
It will instead let you know by barking.
[imitates barking]
[tense music rises]
[Fluffy growling]
-[barks]
-[women gasp]
[woman 1] Why is a dog here?
-[men gasp]
-[barks]
[growling]
[Jang Uk] A soul shifter.
As we suspected, there are more
soul shifters within the palace.
[barks]
-[gasps]
-[Fluffy barking]
What was that sound?
Does this mean there is a soul shifter
in my palace?
-[Fluffy continue barking]
-[Master Lee] Mm.
It seems that there is.
Then why are you just standing there
like that?
Get out there
and catch the soul shifter right now.
Didn't I tell you before already?
It's a present.
Well then, I'll just leave my gift here
with you and the queen,
so that you may use Gwigu
to catch the soul shifters
by yourself, Your Majesty.
We do not need it, so take it away.
How dare you bring a beast like this
into the palace?
His Majesty already suffers from anxiety.
Are you just trying to bring harm his way?
But, Mother, we were the ones
who invited Master Lee to the palace.
No, it's not your place. Stay out of this.
The mages of Cheonbugwan
are in charge of protecting the palace.
If anything has been made with sorcery,
they will be the only ones
who are responsible
for getting rid of it from here.
A devious beast living inside a dead dog
and the people of Songrim interfering.
It is all but an attempt
to humiliate the royal family.
You must put a stop to this, Your Majesty.
[thrilling music playing]
[barking]
[Jin Mu] The man who should be protecting
the royal family,
has brought a beast to the palace.
[growls]
This beast is Master Lee's gift
for the King.
So move aside now.
I cannot disobey His Majesty.
I must bring him inside.
[snickers]
Really?
Then you should try your best
to get inside.
Go and get rid of that trespassing beast.
[swords clinking]
And if you're able to do that,
I shall give you a reward.
[Jang Uk] Damn it.
Is this why he picked me to do this?
[barking]
[sword clinking]
[celestial music playing]
[mages scream]
[all grunting]
[Jang Uk yelps]
Your Majesty, it is I, Jin Mu.
I shall get rid of these insolent men
from Songrim for you.
His Majesty invited us to the palace
and we're still talking.
And it is not your place
to interfere here, Jin Mu.
How dare you try to bring that dog in
without permission.
What kind of madness
have you brought to us?
That's enough now.
Guards. What are you doing?
You need to stop that man.
[Go Won] Father.
You must stop both of them.
If this leads to a fight, it will surely
end our relationship with Songrim.
[Queen] No. We must fight.
Songrim has brought this beast
into the royal palace.
And Cheonbugwan
is simply protecting our family.
-But, Father.
-Your Majesty.
[tense music continues playing]
I order…
you all to stop.
[grunts]
[swords rasping]
[all grunting]
You must stop!
[panting]
Master Lee.
This was a friendly meeting.
Did you have to shock me like this?
I'm sorry for the shock.
But please, if the ice stone
is revealed to the world,
you will see a far bigger conflict
than this.
The ice stone?
[Go Won]
Is it because of the soul shifters?
People have used what remains
of the Soul Ejector after the Great Chaos
to shift souls from time to time.
Well, someone is. They seem to be
making that Soul Ejector once more.
The ice stone has come out into the world.
[Sun] And so?
Where is the ice stone?
And who has a hold of it?
[Master Lee]
It is probably in the hands of those
who sent the assassin here and turned
a Songrim mage into a soul shifter.
[Jin Mu] I was told that
Master Seo Gyeong destroyed
all the ice stones years ago
after the Great Chaos.
But it appears he left a few in Songrim
instead of getting rid of them all.
How can human desire be eradicated
because one tries to?
Except…
the ice stone's return
also implies the return of a great man
like Master Seo Gyeong to stop it.
I heard Master Seo Gyeong was born
with the energy of the King's Star.
However, Master Seo Gyeong
didn't become the king.
Do you mean it could be
someone else born with the energy
of the King's Star?
[enigmatic music playing]
[Master Lee] Even if one exists,
the light will be faint
and the energy
of the surrounding seven stars
will not have shown themselves either.
A power that defies the laws of nature
and bring chaos to the world
has returned again.
Which means someone just as strong
should appear to stop it.
That way…
the world will be able to maintain
its balance without complete destruction.
[sighs]
What I mean is, there's simply no need
for Your Majesty to feel so anxious.
Do my words help you calm your anxiety
about the matter?
[whimpers]
Thank you for your words of comfort.
[Master Lee]
Well then, I shall take my leave now.
Since you have refused to accept my gift,
I suppose I will take Gwigu back with me.
-Your Majesty.
-Do as you please.
No, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Are we leaving without bringing him in?
I saw everything I had to see.
Does this mean
there is a soul shifter in my palace?
We do not need it, so take it away.
How dare you bring a beast like this
into the palace?
I could see it clearly in their fear.
[clicking tongue]
[Master Lee] Oh, dear, were you startled?
-Did those bad guys hurt you?
-[Fluffy panting]
-They hurt you?
-[Fluffy whimpers]
The dog did not get hurt.
But thanks to you, I certainly did.
You got hurt?
[Master Lee] Oh, getting hurt
while fighting those goons.
Still has a long way to go, I see.
-[sighs]
-[Master Lee] Wait.
I see blood. Are you hurt?
That is my blood.
He did not… Ugh?
-What? Blood?
-You're bleeding.
Oh, thank goodness, you're okay.
[sighs]
[groans softly]
[Master Lee] Hmm…
Does it hurt?
-[yelping]
-[Master Lee] Huh.
It hurts.
[clicks tongue]
It hurts. Ouch.
[whimpers]
-[barks]
-[pants, breathing heavily]
[Seo Yul]
That Gwigu belongs to Master Lee.
And how much does he actually know
about Mu-deok?
And what will Uk do if he finds out…
-[Jang Uk groans]
-…about Naksu?
[Seo Yul] Are you all right?
You are hurt all over.
I will be fine, all right?
Did you find any soul shifters?
What about the ice stone?
-[Seo Yul sighs]
-[Dang-gu] You have no idea.
It was all just chaos over there.
So you caused a scene
but failed to find anyone?
If you brought the dog all the way here,
you should at least let it bite someone.
[Seo Yul] Uk.
Finding a soul shifter in the royal palace
is different from finding one
in Songrim or Cheonbugwan.
If things escalate,
it will mean the royal family
and Songrim will fight.
[sighs]
[Dang-gu] Let's go now.
You should get treated at least.
[Eunuch Oh] Master Lee.
[Eunuch Oh panting]
Please wait here just for a moment.
The Crown Prince has asked me
to escort you to his palace.
-The Crown Prince did?
-It looks like it will rain soon,
and until the rain stops,
he has asked you to stay.
Let us go.
Let's go. You should…
-[Jang Uk] Right.
-[Dang-gu] …get him back safely…
-Huh?
-…uh, to Songrim.
Hey, come here.
Come here.
[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
You should have let me know
before the people of Songrim
-made their way into the palace.
-I thought it was…
was just going to be a simple meeting.
If the Queen is put in danger, that means
you will meet the same fate as Eunuch Kim
and become petrified,
you useless imbecile!
-[sighs]
-[court lady panting]
A new King's Star who could be
the next Master Seo Gyeong?
[snickers]
The King's Star being created
through sorcery,
would spell the end of Songrim.
Do not worry,
I have sent back Gwigu to Songrim first.
I apologize for startling you.
When a soul shifter was found in Songrim,
I have been on the lookout for one
in the palace as well.
A soul shifter tried to enter
the royal palace the last time too.
I had heard that the person who shifted
in that man's soul
and then killed him was Naksu.
[eerie music playing]
Naksu?
The female assassin
who killed many skilled fighters.
Heads fell to the ground
wherever she went,
which is why she was called Naksu.
There is a rumor that she shifted souls
and they say
that she is still alive today.
[tense music playing]
A soul-shifting Naksu?
What an interesting rumor.
[rain pattering]
[ominous music playing]
[grunts]
I hope Mu-deok gets caught
before Young Master Jang returns.
-[thunder rumbles]
-Oh! Oh, my.
[maid Kim gasps]
[stuttering]
Mu-deok…
Why are you shaking?
Do you really believe
that I actually killed someone?
You, come inside now.
Why did you come here?
To pack up your things and run?
I came here so I could ask you
for a favor.
The leader of Songrim asked me
to bring you in if I saw you.
Mu-deok.
It was not you, right?
-It wasn't me.
-Then why did you run away
from the leader of Songrim?
[sighs]
The situation forced me to.
Mu-deok,
is…
there a big secret you're hiding from me?
What you're hiding…
does the Young Master Jang know about it?
[gasps]
Mu-deok, I want you to run away from here.
I will give you enough money.
So just run as far as you can
-and never come back.
-I cannot.
I cannot leave Young Master Jang
no matter what happens.
Why is that?
Our Young Master Jang will only be
suspected if you stay with him.
If you're really worried about him,
then I need you to help me.
You said you cannot tell
the leader of Songrim.
And you will not get out of here.
What do you plan to do?
I have to find the real assassin.
That assassin is going around
and killing everyone who knows them.
[thunder rumbles]
[So-i] Cheonbugwan's Gwanju lives here?
It must be a very prestigious family.
Is there someone from the Jang family
who has also seen your face?
Just go wait over there
and I'll bring that person to you.
[Mu-deok] First, I am going
to see someone that can testify
that I wasn't in that room at that inn
when all of those people there
were killed.
And who is that?
It is Young Lady Jinyowon.
I ran into her when I was at the inn.
Do you think that mean young lady
will agree to see you?
Maidservant Kim.
Please I need you to take me
into Jinyowon.
Jinyowon?
[thunder rumbles]
-[So-i gasps]
-[cane thuds]
Oh, I'm very sorry. Could I ask you
to pick up my cane for me?
Thank you so much.
Could you tell me where it is
that I am right now?
Oh, this is the house of Master Jang Gang,
Cheonbugwan's Gwanju.
Oh. I understand.
Thank you so much.
Mu-deok.
Let's go.
[So-i]
Looks like Mu-deok really can see now.
But she didn't recognize me at all.
I wonder if that's a good thing.
Why are you alone?
I was mistaken.
It turns out I did not know her.
So let us return to Cheonbugwan.
We are done now.
-[boy 1] Can I try it as well?
-[girl] No.
Come on. Stop it.
I'm getting all wet.
It is that umbrella.
[Seo Yul] It's an umbrella.
You can take this instead.
Stop it. My mom is gonna scold me.
Stop it already.
-[giggles] Who cares if you get wet?
-Hey.
Would you trade umbrellas with me?
Well, I heard that Naksu shifted her soul
into the body of a very tall
and a very burly young man.
She could have also shifted her soul
into the body of a short, petite woman.
If she entered into such a weak body,
there would be no need to try
to get rid of her.
[Dang-gu] Hmm…
no, I tell you.
They said Naksu in Blue was a man.
They were sure of it.
[Go Won] "Naksu in Blue."
I've heard that nickname before.
[Dang-gu]
He covered himself with a blue cloth.
So, for a while, it became such a trend
that everyone was choosing to wear
a blue cloth.
People wore the blue cloth because
they thought Naksu in Blue would protect
them all from the alchemy of souls.
Though Naksu was a deadly assassin,
she never hurt ordinary people
and was incredibly strong too.
[sighs]
Some people could be very foolish.
It is not that they are foolish.
They are just frightened.
Because people know those murders
were really committed
by those with power and authority
who still remain today.
Condemning such fear
as foolishness is simply negligence.
That is why I gathered this meeting,
hoping to think of a solution
for all of us.
So you ignoring that and criticizing me
is the real arrogance.
Uh, well, while caught between
that negligence and arrogance,
I just wish for some concordance.
Master Lee is also here with us.
[Dang-gu] So let us drink our tea.
[Go Won clears throat]
[Eunuch Oh] Your Royal Highness.
What now?
Young Lady Heo from the infirmary
wishes to speak.
Let her in.
What brings you here?
I heard someone got into a fight
and is injured.
I came so I could take a look.
[Go Won] There is only one person here
with injuries.
-Take him and treat his wounds.
-No, I'm all right.
It won't take too long.
Please come with me.
[Go Won chuckles softly]
We will soon be hearing news
of Uk's engagement again.
How many now?
-What are you talking about?
-[Go Won] You didn't know?
Looks don't lie.
You really don't know anything.
Rumor has already spread.
You three are the top candidates
to be Heo Yeom's grandson-in-law.
The third on her grandfather's list
appears to be the first on her list.
Heo Yeom said it would happen
within the year.
Talks of engagement are coming.
I guarantee that.
The wounds are not too deep, so you can
just take this pill to stop the bleeding.
Why go through this trouble
when I could have gotten it earlier?
Well, I heard you have been hurt earlier.
So I thought that I could feel at ease
if I saw your injuries for myself.
Well…
you already got hurt from your many duels,
and I… I was a little concerned.
Thanks, but I am fine.
Yes.
[gentle music playing]
Oh, right. You know, Maidservant Kim
gave this to me as a gift earlier.
I have not had the chance
to thank her yet.
It looks the same.
What do you mean?
It's the exact same
as the one I've seen for 20 years.
Is this valuable to you?
[sighs]
[Yun-ok gasps]
[Jang Uk] Hmm. It looks new,
so it does not seem like
she gifted you ours.
Wow, they made it look so similar.
[Dang-gu] Wow.
The Crown Prince might actually be right.
Uk really might be getting engaged soon.
But to Master Heo, he's third in line.
Hey, first place. Will you marry her?
If you get married, you'll return
to Seoho Fortress, won't you?
[in baby voice] Oh, Yul, I'll be lonely.
Don't get married. Hmm?
[Master Lee]
I can recognize any soul shifter.
It would be best to take her
to Seoho Fortress soon.
Take who?
Me?
[quirky music playing]
[yelps]
[groans]
I take that back.
After having seen how you reacted today,
I feel very much at ease.
I'm relieved to hear you say that.
What is that that you wish
to ask of me in private?
[inhales deeply]
Would you be willing to give to me
Naksu's sword that you possess?
[ominous music playing]
I did go last year to see the magic show.
I saw elephants.
But I'll act like it's my first time
when I go with Dang-gu.
So you are going to see it
with Young Master Park, huh?
Y-You startled me. Why did you come here?
I have come to ask for a favor from you.
Favor?
Don't bother.
No matter what,
I've no intention of helping you out.
I am being framed for murder.
What?
Can you please go
and talk to the leader of Songrim
and tell him that you saw me earlier
when we were at the inn?
You want me to tell him with my own mouth
that I was there with you?
And to go all the way to Songrim?
[scoffs]
Have you gone mad?
[whimpers softly]
I beg of you to help.
I have no one else to turn to.
[clears throat]
I won't.
I told him I had an extra ticket.
He can't know
I bought them from a scalper.
Your embarrassment may only last a moment,
but I could really die because of this.
Hmm. And if my mother hears,
I'll die as well.
It's not like
she would really kill her own daughter.
I thought you came for a favor.
Why are you angry?
[sighs]
Then, I suppose I may have
to explain this to your mother
and ask her to help me instead.
You'll tell my mother?
Oh. Look, there she is now.
You didn't need to bring gifts
to apologize for the past.
[maid Kim chuckles softly]
The more I thought about it,
the more apologetic I felt to the family.
I will just go down there
and ask her myself. All right?
Wait.
I will think about the favor.
Come with me now.
I will be right back.
So just stay right here.
I'll yell if you're not.
-I will come back.
-[Ho-gyeong] Cho-yeon.
Yes, Mother.
Wait here.
[sighs]
[pensive music]
[Mu-deok] It is a young girl.
Who is that?
Is it the incense?
What a lovely vase.
It is a precious vase that will make
the flowers in it emit a stronger scent.
-Is that true?
-Yes.
I have wanted to change the vase
in my daughter's room.
This is perfect.
Uh, Mother, are you putting that
in Bu-yeon's room?
It will make the flowers smell stronger.
And your sister cannot see.
She should at least enjoy the scent.
[Cho-yeon] Hmm.
[Ho-gyeong gasps softly]
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[both gasp]
[Ho-gyeong] How dare you touch that!
What in the world are you doing
in my daughter's room?
[maid Kim] She came with me.
She must have gotten lost somehow.
Mu-deok, why are you in here?
I'm very sorry.
[Cho-yeon mouthing]
[Ho-gyeong] Please leave right now.
You are not allowed inside this room.
Yes. Let's leave.
[whispers]
I will go later. Shh.
[Mu-deok sighs]
Cho-yeon.
Go tell the servants
to clean Bu-yeon's room again.
Yes. Yes, Mother.
[melancholy music playing]
[Jin Mu] So-i.
This man is to be your father.
My father?
This man is willing to take in
a fake daughter?
Jin Bu-yeon was not born
between me and Jin Ho-gyeong.
The biological father is someone else.
[suspenseful music playing]
To become the daughter of the Jin family,
you must open the door to Jinyowon.
And to do that, the blood
of the Jin family must flow in you.
What are you holding?
This worm has sucked the blood
of a female member of the Jin family.
[So-i gasps, breathes shakily]
[ominous music playing]
[groans]
That is the blood of Cho-yeon in there,
my beloved daughter.
What do you plan on doing with that worm?
Just give me your hand.
I said give me your hand.
[So-i gasps]
[gasps]
[So-i gasping]
[yelping]
[screaming]
[Jin Mu] You now have the blood
of the Jin family running in your veins.
If I do not use sorcery to keep it alive,
that worm will start eating you
from the inside.
So think twice,
if you ever try running from me.
That room belonged to her daughter
who died ten years ago.
Her daughter apparently drowned,
but that woman is still waiting for her
to come back one day.
Forgive the slap,
because she is a pitiful woman.
By chance, was that woman's daughter
blind too?
Mm-hmm. Yeah, she was.
[Mu-deok] The owner of this body
used to be blind as well.
Is that why I suddenly felt
that energy earlier?
[Dang-gu] Master Lee wanted to ask
the Crown Prince something in private.
I see.
The leader has asked us
to escort you to Songrim immediately.
Just me? Why?
[mage 1] Come with us.
[foreboding music playing]
Am I getting locked in here again?
-I mean, what's going on here?
-[mage 1] That is--
The leader told us not to say anything.
[mage 2] Wait here until he comes.
[maid Kim] Mu-deok was seen at the murder,
so I understand why they took her.
But why Young Master Jang
who was at the palace the whole time?
What did the leader of Songrim say?
I'm not sure, either.
[sighs]
Yul.
There's no way in the world
Mu-deok killed somebody.
[Dang-gu] Right?
May I please take a look at the bodies
as well?
[Sang-ho]
It was done by a skilled swordsman.
This certainly
could not have been Mu-deok.
[Seo Yul] She is Naksu, the assassin.
She could have killed those men.
[thug]
I have a good reason for doing this,
so just be on your way.
-I remember them.
-Do you know these men?
A few days ago,
I got into a fight with these people.
[door opens]
[Ju-wol] Can I take their bodies now
for their funeral?
[Sang-ho]
Why is the owner of Chwiseonru here?
Has someone died?
Well, yes, our guards
have just been found dead.
[owl hoots]
Young Master Park.
I just heard from Maidservant Kim.
Young Lady Jin.
I beg you to help Mu-deok, please.
[sighs]
[Cho-yeon] I went to the inn
to buy tickets from scalpers.
And I saw Mu-deok when I was there.
Ugh. Of course,
it was my first time
going to such a place.
I know that.
We talked for a bit,
and right after Mu-deok went inside,
I saw you coming into the inn as well,
my lord.
Of course, I never imagined that you would
frequent a place like that either.
[Dang-gu chuckles nervously]
I know that.
I am certain that…
there wasn't enough time for Mu-deok
to have killed all of those men.
They say a girl posing as a mage
came looking for Mu-deok
not very long ago.
The owner of Chwiseonru
thinks there might be a chance that So-i,
the girl that the broker had warned about.
I once saw a girl
who was arguing with the dead thugs.
The thugs,
the broker and the guards.
They all had something to do
with that girl, So-i.
Yes, So-i seems very suspicious.
In any case, it was not Mu-deok.
Very well.
I also didn't think that Mu-deok
could have committed murder either.
I knew it. You knew that Mu-deok
is not somebody
who would do something like this,
didn't you?
Then could you please release
Uk and Mu-deok as soon as possible?
The reason why I locked up those two
was so I can ask them something else.
I will take care of it from here.
You may all leave.
Yeah.
[sighs]
[footsteps approaching]
My lord.
At least tell me what is going on here.
Mu-deok committed murder.
Huh? What?
She did that to silence all those people
who knew details about her past.
[sighs]
Tell me, what it is that you and Mu-deok
are hiding from me.
If your statement
does not match Mu-deok's,
you cannot leave this Secret Room.
And that child will die.
[gasps softly]
[stutters]
Oh, my lord, I am--
I'm not asking about the killings.
Uk has told me everything…
about your secret.
If you confess and tell me the truth,
I'll spare your life.
However,
if anything that you say
differs from what he has said,
you will have to die.
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[Jang Uk]
If he found out she was a soul shifter,
he would not waste time like this.
[Mu-deok] He's interrogating us
separately, trying to test us.
[Jang Uk] We have to say the same thing.
[Mu-deok] What could Uk have said
to answer the same question?
[Jang Uk] A secret which ensures
that we say the same thing.
[Mu-deok] A secret that is private
but will not get me killed if revealed.
I will tell you now.
What has just happened?
Mu-deok and Uk can both be set free.
What did they say when questioned?
Did they say the same thing?
They indeed both said
the exact same thing.
[thrilling music playing]
-[Jang Uk] You got out.
-[Mu-deok] You got out too.
-I'm glad you are safe.
-Yeah, me too.
We'd be in trouble
if we said different things.
Well, what did you say?
The fact that we both got out of there…
means I said the same thing you did.
You questioned them separately
to find out what they were hiding.
It seems you got something
out of them, then. Go on.
What was their secret? What did they say?
The two of them…
told me a secret
that managed to completely shut me up.
They both showed the exact same thing.
[scoffs]
[Jang Uk] I will tell you now.
This is what I hid.
I tried not to let it show.
[dramatic music playing]
The truth is that I…
I actually…
like Mu-deok a lot.
…like my Young Master a lot.
[Mu-deok] I felt that was something
we would both say.
Since it is not enough to get me killed.
Indeed.
Songrim's Book of Regulations
does not state anything
about punishing people
for falling in love.
Correct.
They simply could not kill a servant
for loving her owner to death.
You said… you really said
you loved me to death?
Well…
I just exaggerated
because I had to convince him.
[gentle music playing]
There was no other option.
I guess that you had no other choice
but to confess that you love me to death.
Truly, I feel so bad now.
I was not as passionate in my statement.
I guess I should try harder.
Just forget it.
Do not ever put your life in danger
for something as fickle as love.
If something like this happens again,
and it's a life or death situation,
give up love…
and live.
Do that if you do not wish to die.
This is an order from your master.
Hey, Master.
If I do not mind dying,
then can I keep doing
what I have been doing?
I told you that
I'm willing to risk it all,
and that the two of us
are in this together.
I will keep going, even if it kills me.
And you should do the same as well.
I think it's better
if you stick to your confession.
And keep loving me to death.
["Love Letter (with you)" by BIG Naughty]
What would you do if Uk falls in love
with the woman he should not be with?
If I'm to keep on loving you, of course,
I need to be certain that you are mine.
[Ho-gyeong]
How dare you disgrace Jinyowon?
[Mu-deok] They're perfect for each other.
Why did they call it off?
The person I'm looking for is Shaman Choi.
[Go Won] If Shaman Choi was hunted
by the mages of Cheonbugwan back then,
are you seeking her because she bears
a grudge against your father?
If he comes, let me know right away.
[Seo Yul]
Even though it's dead, it's still Gwigu.
[Jang Uk]
You are feigning ignorance, right?
Hey, Yul. It must be tough for you.
If you must draw that sword
and point it at someone,
point it at me before anyone else.